README.md, before:

This is a minimal WebKit based browser.
It's intended use is to display a single web resource non-interactively,
while being highly portable, especially to the arm11 architecture (used for the Raspberry Pi), and supporting Javascript and HTML5 Websockets for dynamic content updates.

# COMPILING
    apt-get install libwebkit-dev
    # OR: yum install webkitgtk-devel
    make

# INSTALLING
No special steps are required for installation. Just execute `browser`.
This program was designed to be started via inittab on boot like this:

    1:2345:respawn:/usr/bin/startx -e /usr/bin/browser http://10.0.0.5/zfs/monitor tty1 </dev/tty1 >/dev/tty1 2>&1

# USAGE
    browser <URL>

This will launch the browser in fullscreen mode and load the resource at `URL`.
`URL` can be anything that WebKit supports, including `file://`-URLs for local webpages and documents.
Omitting `URL` shows the default page, this README.

The following keybindings exist:
  - `F5` for reloading the current page
  - `F11` for toggling fullscreen

These actions are also implemented as signal handlers:
  - `HUP` for reload
  - `USR1` for fullscreen toggle

Commit message:

slim version with fullscreen, updated README

README.md, after:

This is a minimal WebKit based browser in fullscreen.
It's intended use is to display a single web resource non-interactively,
while being highly portable, especially to the arm11 architecture (used for the Raspberry Pi), and supporting Javascript and HTML5 Websockets for dynamic content updates.
[Peter Schultz](https://github.com/pschultz/kiosk-browser "kiosk-browser on github") wrote the original version. See the changes under changelog.

## Compiling
    apt-get install libwebkit-dev
    # OR: yum install webkitgtk-devel
    
    gcc -o browser browser.c $(pkg-config --libs --cflags gtk+-2.0 webkit-1.0)

## Installing
No special steps are required for installation. Just execute `browser`.
This program was designed to be started via inittab on boot like this:

    1:2345:respawn:/usr/bin/startx -e /usr/bin/browser http://10.0.0.5/zfs/monitor tty1 </dev/tty1 >/dev/tty1 2>&1

## Usage
    ./browser

This will launch the browser in fullscreen mode and load the resource from`default_url` hardwired in the source.
`default_url` can be anything that WebKit supports, including `file://`-URLs for local webpages and documents.

The following keybindings exist:
  - `F5` for reloading the current page
These actions are also implemented as signal handlers:
  - `HUP` for reload

## Changelog
* hardwired position(`int HEIGHT` and `int WIDTH`)
* hardwired URL (`gchar* DEFAULT_URL`), no commandline argument
* hardwired position (`GTK_WIN_POS_CENTER_ALWAYS`)
* no toogle fullscreen with F11, thus removed unmaximize() and USR1
* deleted Makefile, only one command(see above)

## Contact
* http://repat.de
* email: repat[at]repat[dot]de
* XMPP: repat@jabber.ccc.de
* Twitter: [repat123](https://twitter.com/repat123 "repat123 on twitter")
* Flattr: [repat](https://flattr.com/profile/repat "repat on flattr")
